[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER 1: Here's something
that came up on "Supercharged"
recently.
Sometimes you need to animate
a shadow on an element,
but you want to keep
your stuff performant.
And you might think, I'll
animate the book shadow.
But that's bad, because
it causes the element
to repaint every
time you change it.
And you can see that by
switching on the paint flashing
option in Chrome's Dev Tools.
Then you might think, ah-ha.
Instead, I shall use
the CSS blur filter.
But that's also bad
for performance,
because this applies a
post-processing effect
on the GPU, meaning
it's done per frame.
Since blurs are
computationally expensive,
they're not something we
want to be doing on the fly.
What you want to do instead
is create a totally separate
element, maybe a pseudo
element, onto which
you can bake the shadow.
You can take that element, fill
it with a black background,
add a box shadow,
and fade it down.
Then you promote it with
Will Change Transform,
making it movable
with the GPU's help.
Alternatively, for a slightly
more flexible approach,
you can use an SVG images,
the boxes background,
and use border image
to nine slice it.
You could even use
SVG's foreign object tag
if you want to go really out
there and do something strange.
Now you have a shadow
that you can move, scale,
and fade independently of
the elements it's shadowing.
Win!
[MUSIC PLAYING]